not-covered.md, before:

# Not Covered

### Network Programming
1. [Fetch](https://scotch.io/tutorials/how-to-use-the-javascript-fetch-api-to-get-data)
2. [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
3. [Firebase](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firebase)
   - Also checkout [React Native Firebase](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase)
4. [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)

### More about react
+ Some of thems are listed below.
  - [react-hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-overview.html)
    + Released in [16.8](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1680-february-6-2019).
    + Rise of functional components

### [Expo](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/)
+ Test is little more difficult.

### [dooboo-cli](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-cli)
![Alt text](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/a301e5bf20b7e9d723beee268e72797ee3742b4a/68747470733a2f2f666972656261736573746f726167652e676f6f676c65617069732e636f6d2f76302f622f626f6f6b6f6f2d38396636632e61707073706f742e636f6d2f6f2f646f6f626f6f2e706e673f616c743d6d6564696126746f6b656e3d65303331373837302d383532352d343837382d396636312d616230666336616233356561)

### [Styled-Component](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/basics#installation)
+ Help making components more identical in both web and native.

### Open Source Project
+ [TalkTalk](https://github.com/dooboolab/talktalk-rn)

Commit message:

Add additional information for not-covered.
Push notification and code-push is important feature in react-native.

not-covered.md, after:

# Not Covered

### Network Programming
1. [Fetch](https://scotch.io/tutorials/how-to-use-the-javascript-fetch-api-to-get-data)
2. [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
3. [Firebase](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firebase)
   - Also checkout [React Native Firebase](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase)
4. [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)

### More about react
+ Some of thems are listed below.
  - [react-hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-overview.html)
    + Released in [16.8](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1680-february-6-2019).
    + Rise of functional components

### [Expo](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/)
+ Test is little more difficult.

### [dooboo-cli](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-cli)
![Alt text](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/a301e5bf20b7e9d723beee268e72797ee3742b4a/68747470733a2f2f666972656261736573746f726167652e676f6f676c65617069732e636f6d2f76302f622f626f6f6b6f6f2d38396636632e61707073706f742e636f6d2f6f2f646f6f626f6f2e706e673f616c743d6d6564696126746f6b656e3d65303331373837302d383532352d343837382d396636312d616230666336616233356561)

### [Styled-Component](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/basics#installation)
+ Help making components more identical in both web and native.

### Push Notification
+ I recommend you to use [react-native-onesignal](https://github.com/geektimecoil/react-native-onesignal) because you are not recommended to use pod` project for `ios` which isn't primarily supported for `react-native`.
+ Firebase Cloud Messaging can be used for both `ios` and `android` and you can refer to [react-native-firebase](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase)(note that [react-native-fcm](https://github.com/evollu/react-native-fcm) has been deprecated).

### [React Native Code Push](https://github.com/Microsoft/react-native-code-push)
+ This is great technology from `microsoft`. By using this, you don't need to upload new app to each store(playstore for `android`, appstore for `ios`) if you only updated `javascript`.
  - Note that [expo](https://expo.io) is using their own so you don't need this when you want it.

### Open Source Project
+ [TalkTalk](https://github.com/dooboolab/talktalk-rn)
